README.md, before:

# Microsoft 365 extensions project templates by Microsoft 365 Developer Advocacy

This repo contains project templates for different Microsoft 365 extensions. These templates are designed to help you get started with building Microsoft 365 extensions quickly.

Platform|Project templates|Description|Folder
---|---|---|---
.NET|Microsoft Graph connectors|Templates to create a custom Microsoft Graph connector running on .NET.|[dotnet-graphconnectors](./templates/dotnet-graphconnectors/README.md)
.NET|Microsoft Teams apps|Templates to create custom Microsoft Teams apps running on .NET|[dotnet-teams](./templates/dotnet-teams/README.md)
Node.js|Microsoft Graph connectors|Templates to create a custom Microsoft Graph connector running on Node.js|[nodejs-graphconnectors](./templates/nodejs-graphconnectors/README.md)

If you have any questions or feedback about these templates, please file an issue.

## Trademarks

This project may contain trademarks or logos for projects, products, or services. Authorized use of Microsoft 
trademarks or logos is subject to and must follow 
[Microsoft's Trademark & Brand Guidelines](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/trademarks/usage/general).
Use of Microsoft trademarks or logos in modified versions of this project must not cause confusion or imply Microsoft sponsorship.
Any use of third-party trademarks or logos are subject to those third-party's policies.

Commit message:

Add nodejs-teams-msgext-search project generator

README.md, after:

# Microsoft 365 extensions project templates by Microsoft 365 Developer Advocacy

This repo contains project templates for different Microsoft 365 extensions. These templates are designed to help you get started with building Microsoft 365 extensions quickly.

Platform|Project templates|Description|Folder
---|---|---|---
.NET|Microsoft Graph connectors|Templates to create a custom Microsoft Graph connector running on .NET.|[dotnet-graphconnectors](./templates/dotnet-graphconnectors/README.md)
.NET|Microsoft Teams apps|Templates to create custom Microsoft Teams apps running on .NET|[dotnet-teams](./templates/dotnet-teams/README.md)
Node.js|Microsoft Graph connectors|Templates to create a custom Microsoft Graph connector running on Node.js|[nodejs-graphconnectors](./templates/nodejs-graphconnectors/README.md)
Node.js|Microsoft Teams search based message extension|Template to create a custom Microsoft Teams search based message extension running on Node.js|[nodejs-teams-msgext-search](./templates/nodejs-teams-msgext-search/README.md)

If you have any questions or feedback about these templates, please file an issue.

## Trademarks

This project may contain trademarks or logos for projects, products, or services. Authorized use of Microsoft
trademarks or logos is subject to and must follow
[Microsoft's Trademark & Brand Guidelines](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/trademarks/usage/general).
Use of Microsoft trademarks or logos in modified versions of this project must not cause confusion or imply Microsoft sponsorship.
Any use of third-party trademarks or logos are subject to those third-party's policies.
